This is a story about your daddy,
stephen marshall,
who was an exceptional person and whose ambition and love for life enabled him to
feel a lifetime of achievements in just thirty one short years.
Daddy was born in december nineteen seventy two.
Wonderful parents,
nancy in st lucia,
your grand parents and was the youngest of four children.
He went to side,
paid his primary school in a spindly and then attended sank bates college in meantime,
and he knew twelve was chosen a school captain.
He loved most sports,
especially playing tennis and football,
and was a divided thank you order supporter from a very young age.
Daddy's interesting business and investment opportunities was highly inspired by his
father.
You're no no same.
This was evident throughout his life as he had a very strong work ethic and had his
career path planned very early on in his life.
From the age of six,
he started reading the newspaper the business section,
of course,
and continue to read it religiously every day of his life.
Your daddy,
steve,
was a conscientious student who was academically brilliant and successfully completed
his commerce degree with honors at melbourne university.
At melbourne university.
He was one of the founding members of the financial marketing association of australia.
He then went to work at instant young and corporate finance and then moved on to work at
national foods as a business development manager,
your daddy moved through the corporate world at a rapid rate for someone his age and was well
respected by his peers.
Despite his amazing ability to remember exact dates,
times and events.
Your daddy was fun to be around and loved performing tow an audience.
He had confidence poison,
a good sense of humor,
and so public speaking was second nature to him.
His ability to impersonate people was not only entertaining but legendary as
he worked the crowd with his theatrical talents.
State was a very giving person and believed that the way to have good friends was
to be a good friend.
And so,
throughout his life,
he gave to so many who were not as fortunate.
He would have been proud to know that his funeral helped raise an overwhelming amount of
donations for the hat foundation.
In february nineteen ninety seven,
your daddy and i were married after having dated for six years.
No.
Two years later,
we went on holiday of a lifetime toe america in europe,
after much persuasion on my behalf,
for him to take some time off to travel.
I'm glad we did because we had a wonderful time and have beautiful memories to hold on
to.
A year later,
sara,
you were born and your daddy simply adored you and enjoyed all the challenges of being a
father.
Two years later,
we're expecting a little sister for you.
But two months before the arrival of baby stephanie,
your daddy passed away suddenly at home of a heart attack.
Two sets of ambulance and paramedics tried to revive him for forty minutes,
but to no avail.
When they told me they did everything they could,
i kept insisting that they weren't trying hard enough because this wasn't meant to have happened to
a healthy thirty one year old who was an unfit and who never drank or smoked.
Unfortunately,
we never had the chance to say goodbye,
and he never got the chance to see his precious second daughter being born.
And that's you,
stephanie and even though you,
stephanie didn't get to mating now he loves you and sarah very much.
It saddens me to know that he will never get to walk you girls down the aisle,
make speeches at your weddings and be a grandfather because they were things we often
spoke about.
And you could tell by the gleam in his eyes how much he looked forward to doing those things one day.
One thing you should remember is that your daddy,
who is now in heaven loves you both very much.
And we'll be your special guardian angel who will watch over you for the rest of your life.
And while his life was sure he's achievements were many,
he touched the life of everyone he met,
and he will inspire us through the rest of their lives.